Chaunagar said, "O Sutap Puthalva!" What was the mistake of Indra? What was his negligent act?
How was Garuda born as a result of the Valagilya's asceticism?
How did Kasyapa become the son of the king of birds?
How is he invincible and invincible by all creatures?
How is that astronaut able to go anywhere and reach the desired power?
I want to hear if this information is in the myths. "
The Saudis replied, "Everything you ask for is really in the myths.
O twins, hear me tell you all in detail.
In the past, Kasiyapar, the chief of the creatures, prayed for childbirth and was helped by sages, gods and gandars.
Kasiyapar had commissioned Indra and his assistants, the Valakilyas and other deities, to bring fuel for the fire.
The god Indra, without any difficulty, carried the great burden of the mountain to his strength.
On the way, he saw all the thumb-sized Valakilya sages carrying a balasa leaf stick together.
Those sages were so thin without food that they hid their body inside.
They were too weak to drown in the stagnant water caused by the hoofs of the cows on the path.
Purandaran, arrogant in his strength, not only overcame them over his head, but looked at them and insulted them with a mocking smile.
Such insulted sages, with great anger and suffering, arranged for a great uprising and frightened Indra.
O Sonakare! The saints, who are fasting, wise, and excellent, who ask and fulfill their wishes, leave the pure ghee on the fire and shout, “Let there be another Indra who can go anywhere at his will, reach the desired level of power, and frighten the leader of the existing gods (now).
May one appear as fast and terrible as the mind for the benefit of our tapas. ”
Hearing this, the chief of the gods, who had made a thousand vows, took refuge in the leaky leper, who was in great fear and fasting.
Prajapati Kasiyapar asked everything from Indra and went to the Valkyries and asked if their velvi had been successfully completed.
Those truth-telling sages said, "Let it happen as you say."
Prajapati Kasyapa calmed them down and said, “By the words of Brahman, Ivan (Indra) has been appointed as the head of the gods in all the three worlds.
Monks, you too are striving to produce another sense!
Best of all, you deserve to keep the words of Brahman from lying.
Do not let this effort of yours go in vain.
Let one appear as the Indra (leader) of the mighty, captive creatures.
Have mercy on this Indra who is bowing before you. "
At the request of the leaker, the Valkyries began to pay their respects to Prajapati, the chief of the sages, and began to speak.
The Valkyries said, “O Prajapati!
In fact, he is born as your son.
We leave the benefit to you.
We will do whatever is good and right in this matter. "
The Saudis continued, "Then, heartbroken, fortunate, fasting, Dakshin's good daughter, with the desire for childbirth, she finished her fasts, bathed and purified herself, and approached her hero when the time was ripe for the perfect matrimony.
The leaker said to her, “Dear one, the auction I conducted has now borne fruit.
You get what you pay for.
Two heroic sons who are leaders of the three worlds will be born to you.
By the pure purpose of my womb, and by the asceticism of the Valkyries, those sons will be highly esteemed and worthy of worship by all three worlds. "
The famous leaker again said to her, “Carry these sacred seeds, with great care.
These two are the leaders of all winged creatures.
These valiant astronauts will be respected by all three worlds. "
Satisfied with what had happened, Prajapati said to Indra, who had made a thousand vows, "Two brothers of great strength and valor will be available to help you.
They will not cause you any trouble.
Let go of your grief and you will be the leader of all.
Never again, do not belittle those who pronounce the name of Brahman.
Do not insult those who are angry and utter words like thunder. "
Hearing this, Indra left his fear and went to heaven.
Vinaya, too, was very pleased that her purpose had been fulfilled.
She had two sons, Arun and Garuda.
Born with a deformed body, Arun stood as a driver for the sun.
Garuda was given the leadership of the birds.
O descendants of Brighu, listen carefully to Garuda's great achievements ".