The Saudis said, "That majestic bird, which can go anywhere at will, went to his mother's place and landed on the beach."
There she lost a strange race and lived a life of addiction and sadness.
Once Kadru called Vinada. When Vinaya fell down and woke her up, Kadru said in front of her son, “O gentle Vinaya, in the middle of the sea, in a place inaccessible to anyone, there is a beautiful and pleasurable abode of snakes. Lift me up there and influence me. ”
Having said that, the mother of that beautiful feathered bird carried (on her shoulder) the mother of snakes.
Garuda also carried the snakes (on his back), according to his mother.
The astronaut, who was born strange, ascended towards the sun.
So, the snakes were shot by the sun's rays and fainted.
Seeing the condition of his sons-in-law, Kadru prayed to Indra, "I worship you. Devadeva! I worship you, O murderer of Virudra! I worship you."
Slay the snakes shot by the sun with your raindrops, you who killed Namusi, the one with a thousand eyes, Sachi's son-in-law.
O best of the gods! You are our best guardian. Oh Purandara! You are the one who orders the rain during the season.
You are the air, you are the cloud, you are the fire, you are the lightning in the sky, you are the one who spreads the clouds, you are the so-called great cloud (darkening the universe at the end of the age).
You are the incomparable, terrible thunder and clouds.
You are the one who created the world and you are the one who destroys it.
You are invincible.
You are the light of all beings, you are the Adityan, the Vipavasu, the wonderful giants.
You are the leader of all the gods.
Vishnu, you are the one with thousands of eyes!
You are God, you are the ultimate protection.
Oh my God! You are the elixir and the admirable soma.
The lunar day is you, the jack (one minute) is you, the moment (four minutes) is you.
You are the wax and you are the tea.
Thrudi is you, Kashta is you, art is you.
The year is you, the seasons are you, the months are you, the nights are you, the days are you.
You are a beautiful land full of mountains and forests.
You are the sky shining with the sun.
You are the ocean full of waves of whales, whales, crocodiles and various fish.
You are the one who is praised by the most attentive Rishis and sages.
You are the one who drinks the laziness of the wounds, the clear ghee with spells, for the benefit of all living beings in the world.
You are the one who is always worshiped in vain by the Brahmins who desire the fruits of desire.
You are incomparably strong, you are the one who is sung in the Vedas and Vedas.
You are the reason why educated Brahmins are always conducting Vedas and reading the Vedas with great care ".