The Saudis continued, “A Brahmin with his wife went down the throat of the petitioner.
The former Sudarvittery shot the bird in the throat like wood.
Garuda said to him, “O best of the Brahmins, come out quickly when I open my mouth for you.
No matter how sinful a Brahmin may be, he should not be killed by me. "
As soon as he said this, the Brahmin said, "Oh, let this Nishad woman, my wife, come out with me."
With that, he said, "Take that woman from the Nishata race with you and come out quickly."
Save me from the dead, for you have not yet been digested by the heat of my bowels. "
The Saudis continued, “After that the Brahmin came out with his wife, who belonged to the Nishad tribe, and praised the blind man and went the way he wanted.
As soon as the Brahmin came out with his wife, the bird king spread his feathers and soared into the sky with mental speed.
Then he saw his father. With that man of incomparable energy whom he called, he spoke exactly to him.
The great sage said, "Oh child! Are you all right?"
Do you get the food you need every day? Do you get a lot of food in the human world? "
"With Garu," my mother said well. My Tamayan and I are the same.
But Dad, I don’t always get enough food. So there is no peace in my soul.
I have been sent by snakes to carry the wonderful elixir.
To free my mother from slavery, I will definitely bring it up today.
My mother commanded me to 'eat Nishadars'.
I ate thousands of them. But my hunger is not included.
So, O Reverend, show me something else to eat, so that I may be strong enough to snatch the elixir.
Point out the right food to quench my hunger and thirst. "
Kasiyapar told Garuda, “This lake you see is very sacred.
Ifu is also known in the heavens. It has an elephant face down, constantly dragging its brother the tortoise.
Let me tell you in detail about the enmity that exists between those two from birth.
Listen carefully as I elaborate on why they are here.
Once upon a time there was a great sage called Vipavasur.
He was also very angry.
He had a brother named Subramanian.
The latter was reluctant to share his wealth with his brother.
Subramaniam was always talking about partition.
After some time, Vibhavasur looked at Subramaniam and said, “It is great folly for men to desire to divide the paternal wealth inherited by their fathers out of blind desire for wealth.
After the division of hereditary property, they will continue to fight each other with the illusion of wealth.
Then by enemies in the guise of friends between the ignorant and the selfish, faults will be pointed out and differences will be created and the conflict will intensify, so that the latter will fall one after the other.
Complete damage will arrive sooner rather than later.
This is why the wise do not approve of division among brothers. Such separated brothers would abandon the official sastras and live in fear of one another.
But Subradhika, you do not accept my advice and always want to be separated and arrange for your personal wealth. So you will pass like an elephant. "
Cursed like this, Subramanian looked at Vibhavasura and cursed, "You, too, will pass like a tortoise moving in the middle of the water."
Such idiots Subradeegan and Vipavasur cursed each other for their wealth and became elephants and turtles respectively.
They became such lowly animals because of their anger.
They are proud of their strength and weight and are always at enmity with each other.
In this lake the two animals with that huge body are behaving according to their prenatal enmity.
Behold, one of them, this beautiful elephant with a big body, is still approaching.
The tortoise, which has a large body that lives in the water, hears the elephant's howl and comes out and rudely mixes the lake.
When the elephant sees the tortoise, it spins its trunk and runs into the water.
With great power he stirs the waters of the lake full of fish with the movement of his ivory and his anthem, tail and legs.
The tortoise with great strength lifts its head and comes forward to attack.
The elephant is six yojanas in height and twice its circumference.
The tortoise is three yojanas in height and ten yojanas in circumference.
Feed these two who are ready to attack you for killing each other like crazy and then do what you want.
Eat that savage elephant that looks like a mountain and a cloud of black clouds and bring the elixir. "
"The Saudis continued," You said to Garuda, "You will be blessed when you fight with the gods."
O egg-laying species! May Puranakumba, Brahmins, cows, and other sacred objects bless you.
O Most Powerful! When you fight with the gods, Rick, Yajur, Samas, weaving the sacred velvi, all the mysteries (Upanishads), may you be strengthened. "
Thus Garuda, blessed by his father, went near the lake.
He saw different kinds of birds around the clear water.
The astronaut, who had great speed in moving, remembered his father's words and grabbed the elephant by one leg and the tortoise by the other.
Then the bird flew high into the sky.
Reaching the sacred place of Alamba Theertham, he saw many divine trees there.
The trees began to tremble with fear at the impact of the wind that raised his wings.
Those divine trees with golden branches feared, 'Shall we be broken?'
The astronaut, seeing that the trees, which give the desired gifts, trembled with fear, went in search of other trees of incomparable appearance.Those giant trees had branches of gold and silver, and fruits with precious stones.
Those giant trees had branches of gold and silver, and fruits with precious stones.
They were cleaned with seawater.
As the king of birds approached with great speed, a large ala tree, which had grown enormously among the trees there, the tree said, "Sit on this great branch of mine, which is spread out a hundred yojanas, and eat the elephant and the tortoise."
He's the best of birds, and he's a mountain - like creature, and he's very fast.