The Saudis said, "After crossing the sea, Kadru got down near the horse with his sister's speed.
They both found that the horse, the foremost of the fastest running horses, was as white as the moon, with black hair all over its body.
Kadru pointed out that there were a lot of black hairs on the horse's tail, and she became addicted to the very rounded quill.
She regretted losing the race and thinking that she had fallen into slavery.
At the same time, when his time came, with that great bird, Gandhi, who was able to think as he wished, to go where he wanted, to multiply his power as much as he thought, and who was so powerful and powerful.
Brightening all the points of the universe, he came out breaking the egg without the help of the mother.
He shone terribly with light like a pile of fire.
The bird, which had a lightning-like appearance and a glow similar to the fire of the end of the age, grew rapidly at birth, multiplied in size and flew into the sky.
He roared furiously and passionately, appearing frightening like a second sea fire.
All the gods who saw him were frightened and sought protection from Vipavasu (Agni).
They bowed down to the god who was seated on his throne, and said to him, “O Agni, do not multiply your body, will you consume us?
Behold, these great flames are growing wide. "
To which Agni replied, “O tormentors of demons, ifu is not as you think.
Ivan with the majority Garuda. Who resembles me in light; Of great power; Born to multiply the joy of curiosity.
The bright photography you see has caused this dizziness within you.
The majority-matched son of Ivan the Terrible; The destroyer of dragons; The one who engages in the good of the gods is the enemy of the Thais and the Ratchasaras.
Do not be afraid to look at him.
Come and see with me. "
The gods looked at the blind man from a distance and said, "You are the sage (who knows all the mantras), you are the one who shares most of the avirbhaga available in the veils, you are the one who always shines, you are the leader of the immovable and immovable."
You are the destroyer of all, you are the creator of everything, you are Hiranyakarpan, you are the creator of everything as Datsana and Prajapatis, you are Indra (the leader of the gods), you are the horse-faced Vishnu Hayagrivan, you are the hand of Mahadeva, the man who burned Tripura, in the hand of Mahatma You are the (wise) Agni, the Pavan (the leader of all things in the universe).
You are the knowledge, you are the illusion that seduces us, you are the penetrating spirit, you are the God of the gods, you are the great truth, you are the fearless, you are the unchanging Brahman, you are the power of the sun, you are the guardian of the sea, you are our protector, Thou who art holy, Thou who art without darkness, Thou who possesses the six highest qualities,
You are the one who can not win our competitions, you are the one who produced everything, you are the one who does amazing deeds, you are the one who has everything that did not exist,
You are the pure knowledge, you are the one who gives us vision as the sun gives off its rays, you are the living and inanimate in the universe, you are the one who hides the light of the sun, you are the one who destroys everything, you are the one who destroys and destroys everything.
O glowing fire! You are the one who burns everything, just as the sun burns all living things with its wrath.
O mighty Garuda who browses in the sky, we ask you for our protection.
O manna of birds! You are the one who shines like darkness inaccessible lightning, with supernatural power and radiance like fire.
You are the one who touches the clouds, you are the cause and effect, you are the giver of gifts and you are the one with invincible heroism.
Oh my God! This universe was warmed by your Gandhi, like glittering gold.
Save the high-spirited gods who fly in heaven in their vehicles around in fear of what you see.
O best of birds! You are the leader of all, you are the son of the merciful high spiritual sage Kasiyapar, may you have mercy on the universe without anger.
Thou art the head of all things, temper thy wrath, and save us.
With your voice like the roar of thunder, O bird, you make the ten points of the universe, the heavens, the heavens, the earth, and our hearts tremble constantly.
Shrink this body of yours like fire.
When we see you with Gandhi like an angry Yemeni, we lose our peace of mind and tremble.
O leader of the birds! We need your mercy to benefit us by your grace.
O special one! Give us pleasure and good fortune. "
Thus the bird with the beautiful feathers, adored by the gods and sages, reduced his power and Gandhi ".