The Saudis continued, "As soon as he touched the strong tree with his foot, the branch of the tree broke off and he grabbed the tree."
Garuda, who had turned his gaze in amazement, saw the sages of Valakilya hanging upside down from it {that branch) and repenting.
Realizing that the sages would be killed if the branch fell down, the mighty man tightened his grip on the elephant and the tortoise.
Fearing that the sages would be killed, he climbed the branch with his wings outstretched, wishing to save them.
The great sages were amazed at this feat which even the gods could not do and gave a name to that mighty bird.
The Valkyries said, "Let Ivan, who eats snakes and is the first of the birds and astronauts, be known as Garuda (bearer of great burden) because he rises with his wings while carrying a great load."
Garuda fluttered his wings, made a croaking noise and dropped dead.
He looked down at the various areas below while ascending with the elephant and the tortoise.
He wanted to save the Valkyries, but Amara could not find a place.
At last he went to Kandhamadana hill, the foremost of the mountains.
There he saw his father, Kasiyapara, who was meditating with dedication.
He who is that celestial being, that divine form, who is very bright, strong and powerful, who is windy, temperamental, who is ready to strike immediately like the curse of a Brahmin, who is incomprehensible, who is indescribable, who is terrifying to all living beings; He saw the one who shines, the one who cannot be defeated by the gods, the demons, the monsters, the one who splits the mountain, drinks the ocean and destroys the three worlds, the one who looks like a ferocious Yaman, the one who leaks his son blind.
The famous leaker, noticing that he was approaching himself, spoke knowing his purpose.
The leaker said, "Oh baby! Do not do the unthinkable. You will have to suffer if you do so.
If you get angry, these Valkyries who are drinking the sun's rays will scatter you. "
The Saudis continued, "In order to burn their sins with asceticism and to appease the well-to-do Valkyrie, the leaker told them for his son," Those who are spiritually rich are the deeds of the blind, the deeds that benefit all life.
The task he intends to accomplish is daunting.
You give him permission. "
The Saudis continued, “The monks, who had been thus prayed for by the famous leaker, abandoned the branch and went to the sacred Himalayas to perform their penance.
When the sages left, the son-in-law of the inquisitor, holding the branch in his mouth, said to his father in a hushed voice, "O noble one! Where shall I throw the branch of this tree?"
O glorious one! Please point me to an area where there are no humans. "
The leaker told of a mountain with caves and always snow-covered valleys, uninhabitable even by ordinary creatures.
The giant bird carried the branch, the elephant and the tortoise and flew fast towards the mountain.
The trunk of the tree that carried the huge bird could not be wrapped around a hundred skins with a rope.
With Garuda, the king of birds, he flew hundreds of thousands of projects in a very short time.
The astronaut, following the direction indicated by his father in an instant, reached the mountain and dropped the gigantic branch.
It fell with parole.
The prince of the mountains trembled when he was struck by the storm that had risen from Garuda's wings.
The trees there also blossomed.
The peaks, which adorned the mountain with gems and gold, fell down everywhere.
The branch that fell down fell on the trees with golden flowers in the middle of the clusters of black leaves like lightning clouds and tilted them.
Gold-plated amulets fell down, dyed of mountain metals, and shone like those bathed in the sun's rays.
Then, with Garuda, the best of the birds, sitting on the top of the mountain and having the elephant and the tortoise, he flew away from the mountain with great speed.
Various evil omens appeared and frightened the gods.
Indra's favorite diamond weapon shone with fear.
Meteors from the sky fell during the day with fire and smoke.
The weapons of the Vasus, Rudras, Adityas, Sapyas, medicines and other deities exerted their power within themselves.
Such an event did not take place even during the Devasura war
Thunderstorms hit, and thousands of meteors fell.
The sky was cloudy but still thundering.
God also showered blood on the gods.
The garlands around the necks of the gods withered and their heroism faded.
Terrible clouds, raining down thick blood.
Seeing these evil obstacles, he (Indra), who was confused with other deities and made a thousand questions, said to Brihaspati, "O worshiper, why did these natural disasters arise suddenly?
I do not see any enemy defeating us in battle. "
Brihaspati said, "O chief of the gods, O one who has performed a thousand vows, all this is due to your mistake, carelessness, and the spiritual penance of the exalted Valakilya sages.
That bird, one of the foremost of the mighty, can attract sorrow from you.
He can do everything. He can easily achieve something he cannot achieve.
The Saudis continued, "Indra, hearing these words, said to the guards guarding the elixir," A bird of great strength and power intends to snatch the elixir.
He should not let it hijack. I therefore warn you in advance.
Brihaspati said that he has immense power. "
The gods were astonished to hear this and took protective measures.
They stood around the elixir. Indra, the great hero and diamond bearer, stood with them.
The gods wore breastplates encrusted with precious gold and firm, shiny leather armor.
Those mighty gods were armed with a variety of weapons with various spikes and terrifying shapes. All those weapons, which were innumerable, glowed with sparks and smoke.
They wore a lot of wheels, iron rods with spiked thorns, tridents, battle axes, various types of spiked hooks, polished wands, and weapons with horrible shapes.
Wearing bright weapons and divine ornaments to quell their fears, the gods waited there.
The gods of incomparable strength, power, and brilliance decided to protect the elixir.
They looked like fire, capable of destroying cities of monsters.
The gods stood on that (going to the battlefield) place with hundreds of thousands of iron stories with spiked thorns, so that place was like another sky shining with the rays of the sun ".