The Saudis said, “After hearing it all, the beautiful feathered bird saw his body and shrunk his figure.
The bird said to Garuda, "Do not be afraid of anything.
The Saudis continued, "The bird, which can go anywhere without stopping and multiply as much power as it wants, carried Aruna on its back and followed his father's house to the beach on his mother's side across the ocean.
Kadiravano had placed the great luminous aruna in the east at a time when he was determined to burn the worlds with his rays. "
Saunagar said, “When did the glorious Sun decide to burn the worlds?
So what did the gods do to make him angry?
The Saudis said, "O sinless one, the sun and the moon betrayed Rahu by standing on the side of the gods and sipping the elixir while pouring milk for the elixir. Since then he has had enmity against those gods.
Angered by Rahu swallowing his enemy, he said, ‘This hatred of Rahu started from my desire to do good to the gods.
I only enjoy its benefit.
I really didn’t get any help at the moment.
I am going to be swallowed up in the presence of all the inhabitants of heaven, and they too are going to quietly allow it.
So, I am going to destroy the worlds. 'Kadiravan went to the western mountains.
From that place he manifested his heat everywhere to destroy the world.
The great sages who went to the gods said, "Behold, in the middle of the night there is this great heat which frightens every heart and destroys the three worlds."
The gods took the sages and went to the Great Father and said, "Why is this heat so frightening today?
The sun has not yet risen, although (world) destruction is clear.
O chief, what will happen if he rolls? "
The grandfather replied, "Truly today the sun is preparing to roll for the destruction of the world.
Whenever he shows up he will burn everything to ashes.
I have already taken action to correct it.
Everyone knows Aruna, the wise son of Kasiyapar.
With his plump body and great radiance, he would stand before the sun and chase after him, taking away all the power of the former.
This action will ensure the good of the world and the good of the sages and theologians. ”He said.
The Saudis continued, "Arun did as he was commanded by his grandfather.
Arun's body was screened and the sun shone.
Why am I so angry with the sun so far? How was Garuda's Tamayana Arun appointed as his charioteer? I said.
Ask the next question you asked a while ago. "