The Saudis said, “Snakes soaked in the rain, were very happy after that.
The bird with those beautiful feathers quickly reached the island to carry themselves.
The island, the location of the Capricorns, was determined by the creation of the universe.
There they found a terrible salty sea (salt sea).
Those who came with Garuda realized that there was a beautiful forest washed by the water in the lap of the sea and the melody of feathered musicians was everywhere. The snakes landed with Garuda in the akkanaka.
There, the clusters of trees were full of flowers and fruits.
Beautiful mansions abounded there as well.
They were also full of lotus ponds.
There were many lakes with clean water.
There was excitement from the creepy clean breeze.
There were many trees that grew only on the Malay hill. Their heights were sky high.
In many more trees, their flowers fell off and spread beautifully with the help of the breeze.
Thus the forest was beautiful and always pleasing and desirable to the Ganders.
It was full of beetles that ate wine from the flowers.
All of these scenes brought great joy.
For many reasons the forest was pleasing to all, beautiful and sacred.
Echoing the melodies of many birds, it brought joy to Kadru's sons-in-law.
The snakes came to the forest and spent their time happily.
To the mighty blind man, the king of the birds, they said, “Take us to some other beautiful, clear water-filled island.
Because you did not fly, you would have seen many beautiful places while flying (in the air). "
After thinking for a while with Garu, his mother asked, "Mother, why should I fulfill all the orders of these snakes?" He asked.
To this son, who was astronaut, full of all virtues, and of great power and strength, said,
Those snakes worked tricks, lost the race and put me in this situation. "
Hearing his mother say this, the astronaut became very distressed and said to the snakes, "Snakes, if I bring any object, or any knowledge of any object, or any heroic deed, we will be freed from this bondage, tell me."
The Saudis continued, "The snakes heard this," Bring the elixir by your strength.
O bird, then you will be freed from your bondage. "