"Saudi said," "This mighty bird, who can go to any place of his choice, went to his mother's place and landed on the beach."
There she lost the race and lived as a slave.
Once, Kathru called for a question. "When she fell down and got up, Kadru said in front of her son," "Oh, the softer question is, in the middle of the sea, there is a place where no one can approach, where beautiful and delightful snakes live." "" "Take me there." ""
And when he had said this, the mother of the beautiful winged creeping creature carried the mother of the snakes.
At his mothers bidding, he picked up the snakes (on his back).
The star, who was born to Vindhya, immediately rose to the sun.
So the snakes were shot by the suns rays and fainted.
"Seeing the condition of her nephews, Kadru begged Indra," "I worship you." Oh God! I worship you, you who killed the prize! I cherish you
O you that kill the moth, you that have a thousand eyes, you son of Zacchaeus, save those which are bitten by the sun with your dew.
O, the best of Gods! You are our best friend Oh priest! You are the one who orders the rain in the season.
You are the gas, the cloud, the fire, the lightning in the sky. You are the One who spreads the clouds. You are the Great Cloud.
You are the unique, fearsome thunder and the roaring clouds.
You created the world and destroyed it.
You cant win.
You are the light of all living beings, Adithya, Vibhas, and the wonderful Gods.
You are the god of all gods.
You are Lord Vishnu!
You are God, you are the ultimate security.
O, God! You are beautiful and noble.
You are the day of the moon, and you are the day of the moon.
You grow up and you grow up.
The fault is you, the cast is you, the art is you.
You are the year, the seasons are you, the months are you, the nights are you, the days are you.
You are a beautiful land, full of mountains and forests.
You are the sky that shines brightly.
You are an ocean full of waves, with creatures that eat whales, whales, and other fish in it.
You are the one who is admired by the sages and the wise.
You are the one who drinks the lethargy of scorpions, the pure ghee with spells, for the benefit of all living beings in the world.
You are the one who is always worshipped by Brahmins who desire the fruits of desire.
You are the One who is the Almighty, the One who is taught in the Scriptures and in the Scriptures.
You are the reason why learned Brahmins always pray and study the Vedas with great interest.
