"Saudi continued," "As soon as he touched the mighty black hole with his foot, the branch of the tree broke." He grabbed it.
With his eyes turned in wonder, he saw the saints of Valakilya hanging upside down from it.
Realizing that if the branch fell, the sages would be killed, the mighty hunter held the elephant and the tortoise tighter.
Fearing that the sages would be killed, and wanting to save them, he raised the branch with his sole and wings.
The great sages were amazed at this act of divinity and gave the mighty bird a name.
"The Volgiliers said," "He who eats snakes as food, and is the first of the birds and the heavier of the birds, and carries a heavy load, and rises with his wings, so that he is known as Garuda (the great bearer)." ""
With her wings shaking the mountains, she flew slowly into the sky.
As he climbed up with the elephant and the tortoise, he looked down at the various parts below.
He wanted to save the Waldenses and found no place to live.
Finally, he went to the top of the mountains, Mount Kandamata.
There he saw his father who was doing penance with dedication.
He saw the celestial being, the brightest, the most powerful, the most powerful, the fastest, the most impulsive, the tallest of the mountains, ready to strike like the curse of the Brahmin, the unintelligible, the unexplainable, the fear of all life, the mighty, the terrible, the sparkle of the fire, the impotent, the invincible, the mighty, the one who cannot be overcome by the gods, the demons, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the mighty, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the great, the mighty, the great, the great, the great, the great, the great, the great, the great, the great, the great
The famous gachiever, who noticed that he was getting close to him, knew his purpose and spoke.
The saint said, O king! Dont do anything irrational. If you do, you will suffer.
If you are angry, you will be torn to pieces by the sun.
"Saudi continued," "Desiring to burn their sins by the fruits of the tappas and appease the well-to-do valkyars, Casiaphar, for his son, said to them," "O you who possess spirituality, the works of the darkness, the acts of the goodness of all life." ""
Its a very difficult job to achieve.
"Please allow it." ""
Saudi continued, Those monks, who were so implored by the famous impostor, left the branch and went to the holy Himalayas to compose their sermons.
"When the sages left, the son of the question, holding the branch in his mouth and with a voice interrupted, said to Gachir," "Oh, my lord!" Where do I throw the branch of this tree?
O Wonderful! Show me a part where there are no men.
Cassiodorus was referring to a mountain that was practically inaccessible to ordinary creatures, such as caverns, caverns, and snowcapped valleys.
The great eagle carried a branch, an elephant, and a tortoise and flew swiftly to the mountain.
Even if he (the rooster) had a hundred pieces of skin, he would not be able to make a circle around the trunk of the tree, which was carried by the giant bird.
With the King of Birds, Garuda flew hundreds of thousands of plans in a very short time.
The skydiver, in a second, followed his fathers direction and reached the mountain and dropped the giant branch.
It fell on the ground.
The prince of those mountains was shaken by a storm that rose with the wings of the eagle.
Trees had been uprooted too.
The peaks, which adorned the mountain with jewels and gold, crumbled and fell on all sides.
The branch fell down, and it leapt on the trees with golden flowers in the middle of a bunch of dark leafy clusters, like lightening clouds.
The trees that glow like gold fell, were dyed with mountain metals, and shone as if they were bathed in the sun rays.
Then, with the best of the birds, black, sitting on the top of the mountain, he had an elephant and a tortoise, and left the mountain and flew at great speed.
Various evil omens appeared and frightened the gods.
Indra's favourite diamond weapon shone in fear.
The meteorites from the sky fell with fire and smoke during the day.
The weapons of the Vasus, the Rudras, the Aadiyas, the Sabaeans, the doctors and other gods have spent their power within themselves.
Such a thing has never happened even during the Devasura war
Thousands of trees were uprooted and hundreds of houses were damaged.
Though the sky remained overcast, it was cloudy.
And God blessed the gods with blood.
The garlands around the neck of the gods were dried up and their heroism faded.
A terrible cloud hovered over them, and a heavy shower of blood fell upon them.
Seeing these evil obstacles, a thousand devotees (Indra), confused by the fear of the other gods, asked Brahaspati, O worthy of worship, why did these natural calamities arise suddenly?
"I don't see any enemy in the war." ""
"" "Brahaspati said," "" "O Lord of the Gods, O the one who performed a thousand prayers, all this is due to your mistake, inattention and the spiritual mistake of the great Valagilya saints." "" The son of Cassiper and Vinathai, who is a very powerful astronaut and just as soon as he thinks of the image, is about to take Soma away.
That bird, one of the most powerful creatures in the universe, can draw fatigue from you.
He can do it all. He can achieve what he cannot.
When Indra heard these words, Saudi continued, to the guards who guard Amudha, a bird of great strength and power, he intended to seize Amudha.
He should not spoil it. So I warn you in advance.
"He is immensely powerful," "he said."
The gods were surprised to hear this and took safety measures.
They stood around the corner. Indra, a great warrior and diamond merchant, also stood with them.
The gods wore golden armour with jewels of great value, and armlets of solid and shiny skin.
The mighty gods put on a variety of weapons, many of them sharp and fearsome. All those uncountable weapons blazed fire engines and smoke.
They wore many wheels, iron rods with pointed ends, trident and war axes, various types of sharp knives, bright swords, and machetes of brutal shapes.
The gods waited there, wearing bright weapons and divine ornaments, illuminating their fears.
The gods, with their matchless strength, power, and brightness, decided to protect Amurtha.
They looked like fire, having the power to destroy the cities of the Asuras.
"The gods stood in that place with hundreds of thousands of iron stories, and the place was like another sky shone by the rays of the sun." ""