"Saudis said," "Snakes soaked in rain, after that they were very happy."
The beautiful winged bird rushed to the island to carry itself.
The island was determined by the Creator of the universe as the location of the pollinators.
There they found a sea of fierce salt.
Those who came with Garuda felt that there was a beautiful underwater forest on the seabed and that the music of the feathered musicians was everywhere. In the same way, we have been able to bring about a change in people's lives.
There, clusters of trees were abundant with a variety of flowers and fruits.
There were beautiful palaces too.
It was also filled with lotus lakes.
There were many lakes with clean water.
There was excitement in the air because of the fresh air.
There were many trees that grew only in the Malayan hills. They were tall enough to reach the sky.
In many other trees, their flowers fell and were spread beautifully with the help of a thistle.
In this way, the forest was beautiful, always pleasant and pleasant to the sages.
It was full of drunken beetles eating wine from flowers.
All these scenes have been very entertaining.
For many reasons, the forest was pleasing, beautiful, and sacred.
Echoing the chants of many birds, it brought joy to Kadru's grandsons.
The snakes came to the forest and spent their time happily.
To the powerful eagle, the king of birds, they say: Lead us to some other beautiful, clean - water island.
Since you did not fly, you must have seen many beautiful places when you flew like this.
"After thinking about it for some time, Garu asked his mother," "Mother, why should I do all these orders of these snakes?" He asked.
When asked such a question, he said to his son, who was full of all virtues, power and power: O best of all birds, because of my misfortune, I became a slave to my brother.
The snakes did deception, defeated me in the race, and put me in this situation.
Upon hearing his mother say this, the skydiver was so distressed that he asked the snakes, Tell us, if I bring something, or if I get some knowledge of something, or if I do any heroic act, we will get rid of this slavery.
The Saudis continued, the snakes heard this, Bring forth the elixir of your strength.
O bird, then you will be free from your bondage.
