"" "After hearing everything, the beautiful winged bird saw his body and shortened his figure."
"" "Don't be afraid," "the bird said to the black man," "for I am shrinking my strength because you are afraid of my terrible appearance." ""
"Saudi continued," "The bird was free to stay wherever it liked, and could increase its power to the desired extent, and carried Arunan on its back and followed his father's house, and then arrived at the beach on his mother's side across the ocean." ""
But when the sun decided to burn the world with its own rays, he had placed the great Gandhian Arunan in the East.
Saunagar said, When did the appreciable sun decide to burn the worlds?
What did the gods do to provoke him to anger?
"He said," "O sinless one, the sun and the moon have betrayed us by standing with the gods and drinking the pure drink while the sea was being dried up for the first time." From then on, he hated the gods.
"He said," "This hatred of Raghu starts from my desire to do good to the Gods."
I am the only one who benefits from it.
Actually, I didnt get any help at all.
I am going to be swallowed up in front of all the heavenly beings, and they are going to quietly allow this.
"So I'm going to destroy the world." ""
From there he expressed his heat everywhere to destroy the world.
The great sages, who went to the gods, said, 'See, this great heat comes in the middle of the night to frighten every heart and destroy all the three worlds.'
The gods, along with the sages, went to the Great Master and asked him, Why is this heat so hot and scary today?
The sun has not yet risen, but destruction is certain.
What happens if he does? they said.
The Great Teacher, Jesus Christ, said: Truly, today the sun is setting in its wake for the destruction of the world.
As soon as he saw it, he burned it all to the ground.
I have already done that.
Everyone knows Arunan, the intelligent son of Kashibar.
With his big body, with great Gandhi, he stands in front of the sun and is his driver, taking away all the power of the former.
This action will ensure the good of the world, and the good of the sages and the inhabitants of the world. , he said.
Saudia continued: Arunan did whatever he wanted to do, according to the order of the Great Master.
The sun shone on Aruns body.
Why was I so angry? How was his brother Arunan appointed as his charioteer? I said that.
Ask the next question that you asked a while ago.
