"" "A Brahmin, along with his wife, entered the applicant's throat."
The former shot the bird in the throat like a firebrand.
He said to him, O Brahmin, when you open my mouth for you, get out quickly.
"No matter how sinful a Brahmin is, I should not have been killed." ""
"When he said this, the Brahmin said," "Oh, my wife, this Nishat girl should also come out with me." ""
"He said," "Take her with you, and come out with me quickly." ""
Take care of yourself without delay, as you are not yet digested by the heat of my intestines.
"Saudi continued," "After that the Brahmin came out with his wife of the Nishad caste and praised Garuda and went the way he wanted."
As soon as the Brahmin came out with his wife, the bird king, with his wings spread out, and Mano climbed up into the sky with speed.
Then she saw her father. He spoke well to the impeccably talented black man he had been called.
The saint said, O king! You are fine?
Do you eat out everyday? Do you get enough food in the world of humans? He asked.
My mother is doing fine. My brother and I are like that.
But, Dad, I don't always get enough food. There is no peace in my heart.
I have been sent by serpents to bring a wonderful miracle.
To free my mother from slavery, I must bring it today.
My mother ordered me to eat the nostrils.
I ate thousands of them. But I wasnt rattled.
Therefore, O you worthy of praise, show me some other food, so that I may be strong enough to take the elixir of life.
"Please suggest me the right food to quench my hunger and thirst." ""
"" "This lake you see is very sacred."
This is known as God's religion. It has an elephant with its face downwards, constantly pulling its brother turtle.
Let me tell you in detail about the rivalry between the two of them from the beginning.
Listen carefully to explain why they are here.
Once upon a time there was a great saint named Vibhavasur.
He was very angry.
He had a younger brother.
He was not willing to share his wealth with his brother.
He was always talking about division.
"Some time later, Vibhavasur said to Supratika," "It is a great folly for humans to want to divide their ancestral wealth through the blind desire for wealth."
After the division of the inheritance, they continued to fight among themselves over the illusory illusions of wealth.
Then, under the guise of friends between the ignorant and the selfish, the enemies will point out the faults and create divisions, the conflict will become stronger, and the latter will fall one after the other.
The full extent of damage will soon reach the affected people.
For this reason, the wise do not approve of the split between brothers. Such split - minded brothers reject official literature and live in fear of one another.
But Supratika, instead of accepting my advice, you are always interested in the division and want to arrange your personal wealth. "So you will be like an elephant." ""
The cursed Spurtika looked at Vibhavasura and cursed him, saying, You and I will pass through as a moving tortoise in the middle of you.
Such foolish people as Suprathigan and Vibhavasur cursed each other due to their wealth and became elephants and goats respectively.
Their anger made them inferior animals.
They are proud of their wealth and their body weight and are constantly antagonistic to each other.
In this lake, the two large - bodied animals are walking in line with their ancestral enmity.
See here, one of them, this big - bodied elephant, is still approaching.
An elephant with a large underwater body also comes out and blends violently with the lake, listening to the elephant's chirping.
Upon seeing the turtle, the elephant turns its praise and runs into the water.
With great power, it mixes the water of the lake with the movement of its teeth, its praise, its tail, and its feet.
The powerful turtles also come forward to raise their heads and attack.
The elephant is six yojana in height and twice the circumference.
Turtle has a height of three yojanas and a circumference of ten yojanas.
Take these two men as food, ready to attack one another, and then do what you will.
Bring the wild beast that looks like a mountain, and like a flock of thick clouds, and eat up the ferocious beast.
The Saudis continued, saying to the black man, You will be blessed when you fight with the gods.
Oh the chicken! May the full Kumbh, the Brahmins, the cows and other holy things bless you.
O Wonderful! "When you fight with the gods, let Rick, Yajur, Cham, and the sacred ghee, and all the mysteries (Upanishads), strengthen you." ""
Thus, with Garh blessed by his father, he approached the lake.
He saw a variety of birds around the clean waters.
The astronaut, who was quick to move, remembered his father's words and clung the elephant on one leg and the tortoise on the other.
Then the bird flew high into the sky.
He reached the holy place of Alamba Tirtha, where he saw many divine trees.
With the wind blowing from his wings, the trees began to tremble with fear.
The trees with their golden branches were afraid that we might be broken.
Seeing the trees that gave him the desired gifts tremble with fear, the astronaut proceeded to search for other trees of outstanding appearance.
The great trees were branches of gold and silver, and fruit with precious gems.
They were washed away by the sea water.
As the King of the birds approached the giant tree that grew out of the trees, the tree said, Sit on this big branch of mine with a hundred yojanas, and feed the elephant and the tortoise.
"He was the best of birds, a mountainlike figure, and the fastest, sitting quickly on the branch of the banyan tree, which was full of leaves and home to thousands of winged creatures, and broke down." ""