"" "After crossing the sea, Kadru, with the help of his sister, alighted near the horse."
They both saw that the horse, the first of the fastest horses, was white as if it were moonlight, and had black hair.
Pointing out that the horse had too many black hairs on its tail, Kathru made the extremely beleaguered reaction his slave.
She lost the race and was devastated to hear that she had entered into slavery.
At the same time, when his time came, he was a man of his own will, a man of his own ability, a man of his own will, a man of his own ability, a man of his own strength, a man of Gandhi, a man of his own strength, a man of his own strength.
He lit all the dots of the universe and came out breaking the egg without the help of his mother.
He shone fearfully with the light of a heap of fire.
The bird, with a lightning - like vision and Gandhi like the fire of the end of the era, grew faster as soon as he was born, enlarged his figure and flew in the sky.
He roared with rage and great emotion and looked like a second sea fire.
All the gods who saw him were afraid and prayed to Vibhavas (fire) for protection.
And they bowed down to the image of the god sitting on his throne, and they said these words, O fire, do not multiply your body, and do you not eat us?
"This is where the big potholes grow," "he said."
"Agni replied," "O oppressors of demons, this is not what you think."
He is a huge guy. He who is like me in the light is born to increase the joy of the powerful.
The brilliant light you see has caused this frenzy in you.
He is the destroyer of the Nagas, the great son of the Kashibar, and the benefactor of the gods, and the enemy of the Tahitians and the giants.
Dont worry about him.
Come with me.
"The gods saw him from a distance and said," "You are the sage (who knows all magic), you share the vast majority of the knowledge available in the Vedas, you are the one who always shines light, you are the leader of the movable and immovable." ""
You are the destroyer of everything, the creator of everything, the destroyer of everything, the creator of everything, the destroyer of everything, the destroyer of everything, the destroyer of everything, the destroyer of everything.
Thou art the deceiver and the deceiver, the spirit that entereth us. thou art the great Truth, the fear, the unchangeable, the immaculate Brahman, the power of the sun, the works of the will, thou art our saviour, the ocean of the gods, thou art the Holy One, the unfathomable, the possessor of the highest six virtues.
You are the one we can't win the games, you are the one who created all things, you are the one who performs wonders, you are the one who does not exist.
You are the One who reveals to us the living and the dead, the One who conceals the light of the sun, the One who destroys everything, the One who destroys, the One who does not destroy.
O fire! You, O terrible one, who burns all flesh in the fire of the storm, as the sun in his wrath has consumed all flesh: you are the one that will not perish, though all flesh is consumed by fire.
O mighty one in the sky, we beg you for our safety.
Oh the birds! You are the one who shines like a lightning, with the power beyond what is normal, and Gandhi like a fire.
Thou art he that toucheth the clouds: thou art the Giver of gifts, the Mighty One of invincible.
O, God! The world is heated up because of you, as gold that is woven in the lowest parts of the earth.
You shall save the gods of the spirits of the dead, which fly about in the earth in their carriages, for fear of you.
The best of the birds! You are the Lord of all, the son of the Merciful, the High Soul, the Son of Ghasibar, be merciful and not angry with the universe.
For you are the head of all, O God, lighten the anger, and save us.
With your voice, O bird, you make the ten points of the universe to tremble, and the heavens, and the earth, and our hearts to shake.
Let your body condense like fire.
When we see you with an angry Yamana-like Gandhi, we tremble at the loss of peace in our hearts.
Oh the birds! Need your mercy, and do good to us by your mercy.
O Wonderful! "Wish us happiness and success." ""
Such a lovely bird with beautiful wings praised by gods and sages, he reduced his power and Gandhi.
