"Saudi said," "When the snakes said this, I heard them and told my mother, 'I'm going to get Amudha."
I want to eat something.
Please guide me.
"" "In the distance, in the middle of the ocean, there is a beautiful dwelling place for Nishadars."
And you shall eat of the thousands of Nishad there, and you shall bring in the offering thereof.
But do not try to take the life of a Brahmin out of your mind.
In all living beings, the Brahmin should not be killed.
Hes like a fire.
When a Brahmin becomes angry, he becomes like a fire, or like the sun, or like a weapon with a sharp end, or like a poison.
It is said that Brahmin is the leader of all living beings.
For this and other reasons, Brahmin is praised among the moral people.
Therefore, it is not good to have animosity with Brahmins under any circumstances.
O my son! If you are angry, do not kill Brahmins.
O mad one! Even the sun and the fire cannot be extinguished, just as the anger of a Brahmin with severe fasts burns.
You can know a good Brahmin with many such references.
Brahman was born in every living being.
It comes in four colours.
"He is the father of all living beings." ""
He said, Oh God! What is the shape of a Brahmin? What was his behaviour like? What powers do they have?
Is he as bright as fire? Or is he being cautious?
Oh mother, what are the best signs to identify a Brahmin? "You have to answer me." ""
He said, Oh God! When you get into your throat, you will know that the one who causes you pain, like a fish being sawed or burning coal, is the best of the Brahmins.
"You should not kill any Brahmin in anger." ""
"She said to him," "If you want to know what your son is doing, I will do it." ""
Disillusioned by snakes and devastated by grief, she blessed her son whole - souled, even though she knew of his unique strength.
"" "O Marudhan, let the sun and the moon preserve your wings."
The fire shall keep your head, the spears shall save your whole body.
I am here for your benefit.
O mad one! "Do your job safely." "" "" "It's..."
"" "Hearing these words of his mother, he spread out his wings and climbed up into the sky."
The rich and hungry man hurried and fell on the Nishadas as if it were another building.
He wanted to kill the Nishadars, created a huge dust storm in the area and hid the sky.
He drew water from the sea, and shook the trees that grew on the mountains.
The king of the birds, with his mouth, closed the main gates of the city of the Nishadars and enlarged the gate.
The Nishadas ran in the direction of his open mouth, eating the snake with great speed.
Just as thousands of birds emerge from the wind-blown forest trees, the Nishadas, blinded by the dust of the storm, fell into the open to welcome them.
Then the chief of the astrologers, the one who was destroying the enemy, the one who had great power, the one who was moving with great profit to complete his work, the one who was hungry, the one who killed the countless fishermen.
