The saint said, O king! "" "What was India's mistake?" What did he do wrong?
How was the birth of the black child the result of the apocalypse?
How did Casiaphas come to have the king of the birds as his son?
How is he invincible and indestructible?
How can the skydiver reach the desired destination and reach the desired destination?
If these details are in mythology, I would like to hear them.
"He said," "All you ask for is in the Puranas."
Oh, baby, listen, I'll tell you everything in detail.
Once upon a time, Gasibar, the leader of living creatures, prayed for a son, and he was helped by sages, gods, and Gandharvas.
Casiapar commissioned Indra, as well as the monks Valkyrie and other gods, to help him bring the fuel needed for the procession.
Lord Indra carried the heavy burden of the mountain according to his strength without any difficulty.
On the way, he saw that all the saints of Valagilya, who had the size of a thumb, were carrying a stick of palazza leaves.
The sages were very thin without food, and their bodies were hidden inside their bodies.
They were so weak that they had to struggle so much as to drown in the stagnant water in a ditch caused by cattle hooves on the way.
The prodigal took pride in his power and not only went over their heads, but also looked at them and laughed at them.
With great anger and sorrow, these disgraced sages arranged a big procession and frightened Indra.
Oh priest! "Those sages who listen, who fast to fulfill their wishes, who are wise and noble, leave pure ghee and shout," "May there be another Indra who can go to any place of his will and attain whatever power he wishes, and give fear to the Lord of the gods (now)." ""
And let anyone thirsting come. let anyone that wishes take lifes water free. Let anyone that wishes take lifes water free.
And the chief of the gods, which heard it, and made a thousand fasts, sought refuge with a man of fasting, and was sore afraid.
Kashibar, the Prajapati king, asked for everything from Indra and went to the Valakilyars and asked if their mission was successful.
"Those sages who spoke the truth said," "Let it happen as you say." ""
"The king, Gasibar, calmed them and said," "By the words of Brahma, he (Indra) has been appointed the chief of the gods in the three worlds."
Monks, you too are trying to produce another Indra!
Excellencies, it is best for you not to deny the words of Lord Brahma.
Your efforts should not go in vain.
(He is) the owner of abundance, the owner of every kind of cattle.
Have mercy on this Indra who is bowing before you.
This request was made by the Gachibowli, and they began to speak to Prajapati Kashiyar, the chief of the sages, with respect.
The saint said, O king! This wave is being conducted by all of us for a Indra!
In fact, he was born as your son.
We leave it to you.
In this regard, do what is good and right.
Then, because of her desire for children, she finished her fasts, bathed herself, and approached her leader when the time came for the right fruit of the relationship.
The cashier said to her: Respectful, my dear wife, my turn has now borne fruit.
You will get what you want.
You will have two sons who will be the heads of the three worlds.
With the pure motive of my yoke, and with the pupil of my eye, and with the pupil of my eye, and with the measure of my eye, and with the measure of my eye, and with the measure of my eye, and with the measure of my eye, and with the measure of my eye, and with the measure of my eye, and with the measure of my hand, that I should lead them.
The renowned grocer once again said to her: Carry these holy seeds with utmost care.
These two are the leaders of all living beings.
These brave men who achieve their intended destiny at will be respected by all three worlds.
"Satisfied with what had happened, Prajapati said to Indra, who had prayed a thousand times," "You will get two brothers of great strength and courage to help you."
They will not harm you.
Let your grief be over and you will be the leader of everyone.
Never again, never underestimate those who pronounce the name of Lord Brahma.
"Don't insult those who are angry and say words like thunder." ""
Upon hearing this, Indra gave up his fear and went to Devalogam.
She was very happy with what she had achieved.
She bore him two sons, Arunan and Garudan.
Arun, who was born with a bad body, stood as a driver for the sun.
Garudon was given the leadership of the birds.
Oh my goodness! "", "he said," "" "Listen carefully to Garudan's great achievements." ""
